Zakishino! Akina around?
[SHINOZAKI] Would it kill you
to be more professional
at work, dude?
And who in the world is Akina?
He's me! I'm Chihiro Akina!
Oh, so it's you, Boss!
I'm sorry.
Shinozaki, is Katase here?
She's out right now,
but I think she should be back
pretty soon.
Oh, so you remember
her name, huh?
[gasps] Oh-huh!
She's my Senpai.
Of course I'd remember!
Zakishino, just so you know,
it is Tuesday, my dude.
Yeah, I know.
And yet, it's still the weekend
in my heart, Bro.
[sighs]
I'm being held prisoner
by a Tuesday
while I'm dreaming
about the weekend!
Would you quit being dramatic?
It's just a Tuesday.
[startled]
Now stop being such an idiot
and get back to work, would ya?
[exasperated]
Frozen to death again
by Frost Queen Hayakawa.
Gimme a break! This week
is gonna last forever!
You do know it's the same
length as last week was?
I know, but it's gonna
feel like an eternity!
-[SHIORI] Shinozaki!
-Hey, Senpai.
Do you know what you wanna do
for lunch today?
Oh, I'm sorry,
but I made plans with Yamagishi.
Okie doke!
We'll just have to eat
together tomorrow, then!
-[both wave]
-Step, step, step.
Yeah, I don't mind
if the week is longer.
I wish I was you.
-Shinozaki!
-Yes?
How 'bout it?
Ya wanna get lunch?
[SHINOZAKI]
My boss at work
is someone I really
don't understand.
Tell me, how's work been?
It's been a lot of fun,
actually!
Though, that's mostly
'cause of Senpai.
I'm glad to hear it.
We've had a rough time
finding new employees.
Katase was so excited
you got hired.
I've got to say, she was
a handful when she found out.
-Was she really?
-Sure was.
It feels like yesterday
she was making that face.
Well, it's all settled.
I'm going to be
interviewing this one.
So, tell me everything!
Is it a boy or a girl.
Interview went well.
He's going to be joining
the team.
When are you expecting?
I hope it's soon!
[AKINA]
It's funny.
The way she phrased it made it
sound like I was pregnant.
-My boy.
-I'm sorry, what now?
-Boss.
-[sighs]
Would you please stop telling
Shinozaki such weird stories
about me?
[AKINA]
Senpai?
Pardon me. The tuna and mushroom
Arrabbiata, please, with shrimp!
Quit pretending like
you don't hear me!
Oh, I can hear you
loud and clear!
She's cute
when she's angry, huh?
[sighs]
Uh, yeah. Senpai's the cutest.
Stop making him say that stuff!
Well, now.. since
you're already here, Katase,
why don't you join us for lunch?
[SHIORI]
Um, okay.
Wow. Time really flies.
You know, it makes me nostalgic
to think about
when you first joined us.
Well, it wasn't very long ago
that you hired me, Sir.
Huh. I guess that's true.
Katase remembers.
I don't understand
why it's so important
that we keep talking
about this stuff!
I'll be working with all of you
starting today!
My name is Shinozaki Takuma!
It's nice to meet you!
I'm your boss, Akina. Welcome.
Sir! Thank you in advance for
your guidance and support!
I promise you I'll do my best!
[AKINA]
I want you to meet Katase.
She'll be sitting next to you,
so if you have any questions,
feel free to ask her.
Right!
I'm Katase.
If you need anything at all,
let me know, okay?
[SHINOZAKI]
She's so tiny!
I've got a kohai! A kohai!
[SHINOZAKI] Who is this
absolute cutie before me?
There's no way I got this lucky!
-Someone's giddy.
-[gasps]
Come on Boss!
Just let me have this!
[cheers]
[SHINOZAKI]
Adorable.
All right, we'll start by
getting your PC set up
and ready to go.
[SHINOZAKI]
Right.
This company seems awesome.
I think
I'm really gonna like it here.
[glares]
[SHINOZAKI]
She's glaring daggers at me!
If I make a single mistake,
she's gonna freak!
Forget a kitten,
this girl's a tiger!
Wait a sec!
Were they just being sweet
so I'd lower my guard?
Was this all part of
some grand scheme
to evaluate me?
-This one's a dud.
-I think you're right.
[SHINOZAKI]
If that's true,
then I gotta get my act
together!
I might not have made
a good impression,
but maybe I can salvage this!
-[glares]
-[scares]
[SHINOZAKI]
Glare mode has intensified!
[sighs] Huh?
There's a network password?
I'm sure I did everything
correctly.
And this is
all the onboarding info
they gave me.
So, that means I've probably
gotta ask her for help.
But if I screw up the timing,
she'll be furious!
-If I ask too soon.
-[sighs]
Seriously? Why didn't you try
to solve it yourself first?
[SHINOZAKI]
If I wait too long.
You waited this long before
asking me for help?
Well, way to waste my time.
[SHINOZAKI]
Aw man!
Calm down. I'll start by
checking the guidelines again.
If you're looking
for the network password,
it's your branch name
and ID number.
[stammer]
Thank you. That's helpful.
You were so adorable!
Imagine being intimidated
by Katase!
More like I was super nervous
and didn't wanna mess up.
Same, I was seriously
freaking out.
-[nervous]
-[glares]
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki.
If there's anything
you don't get,
I'm more than happy
to help you out!
I'm at your beck and call,
my sweet kohai!
[sighs]
I've been seen!
The boss is gonna make fun of me
if I get too excited again!
I've gotta focus up
and try not to smile too much.
[notices]
Looks like he might be
struggling with something.
This looks like a job
for his Senpai!
If you're looking for the
network password,
it's your branch name
and ID number.
[stammer]
Thank you. That's helpful.
[gasps]
Oh, sorry! I shouldn't
have taken over!
No, it's all good!
I really should have asked
for help sooner!
Next time you need help,
don't be afraid to come
and talk to me!
Right!
[SHINOZAKI]
I guess she was worried, too.
Thank you for looking
out for me, Senpai.
[both gasp]
Is it bad to call you Senpai?
If that was unprofessional,
then I'm sorry!
[cheers]
-Senpai?
-I'm right here!
-Yup, that's me!
Senpai?
Gosh, darn, right,
I'm your senpai!
-[stunned]
-[gasps]
[SHIORI]
I'm sorry. It's just,
I've been trying really hard to
stay calm about it,
but I'm all kinds of excited
about having my first kohai.
So, I got a bit carried away
and forgot to behave like
a proper senpai.
Don't worry! If you're happy,
then I'm happy!
Everything's cool!
I'm excited to have a senpai,
so I guess
we are on the same page.
[chuckles]
Well then, I guess
it's a day of first
for the two of us, isn't it?
Keeping that in mind,
what do you say
we both give it our best?
Uh. Sure.
[giggles]
I'm sensing the vibes are spicy!
[BOTH]
No, you're not!
Ah, that takes me back.
What's this?
Is something wrong, you two?
It's just a little bit
embarrassing
to think about this, that's all.
Agreed.
I see.
Then allow me to make it up
to you with something sweet.
Go ahead and pick any dessert
you'd like. It's on me.
Seriously? Thank you so
much, I would love that!
I don't know what to pick!
Senpai, you know he's just
trying to distract you.
[SHIORI] Are you saying you
don't want dessert, Shinozaki?
Cause if you don't,
I'll happily eat your share!
[SHINOZAKI]
No, I do!
That's not what I'm saying!
Don't take my cake!
[AKINA]
My goodness.
[SHIORI] You prepared
for tomorrow's meeting,
my little kohai?
-[SHINOZAKI You bet I am!
-[SHIORI] Very good!
[SHIORI]
My Tiny Senpai continues meow.
Great job at work today!
I blew it in the meeting.
I always get super anxious.
That does happen a lot, huh?
I really appreciate
you backing me up.
You're a big help.
[smugs]
Well, lucky for you,
you've got an incredible Senpai
and don't you forget that.
[SHINOZAKI]
I could never!
Welp! It's time to get those
keyboards a-clackin'!
-Back to work we go!
-Yeah. Sure!
[notices]
They're so cute!
Are these guys mascots
for something?
[SHIORI] The kitty
has a little bunny hoodie!
And look, the puppy's wearing
a bear hoodie!
[sighs]
[SHINOZAKI] Something
about that cat plushie.
[SHIORI] Something
about that dog plushie.
-It really reminds me of Senpai.
-Really reminds me of Shinozaki.
[both shock]
[SHIORI]
You think so?
Are you saying
I look this cute to you,
Shinozaki?
Well, what I mean is that.
It's just.
[smugs]
[SHINOZAKI]
C'mon, man, spit it out!
Just tell her she's cute!
It's the perfect time!
I mean, you are
awfully cat-like.
Do mew really think so?
[SHINOZAKI]
Downright paw-sitive.
Speaking of which, is this
how you see me, Senpai?
Oh, absolutely.
There's something
about the look in his eyes.
And when you add that he's
a little puppy in a bear hoodie,
I'd say that makes him
at least 90% Shinozaki!
[SHINOZAKI]
So, we're the same then?
[hums]
Hey, um. Do you want me
to get them for you?
[shocks] Do you know how to?
Think so.
When I was in high school
I used to go
to the arcade a lot.
So, I wound up having a
pretty huge collection
of cute plushies like these.
Wow, Shinozaki!
You must like
cute stuff a lot, huh?
Yep! It's one of the reasons
I applied to Sunpick,
to be a part of the process
of creating cute things.
The feeling is mutual.
[shocks]
I like cute stuff!
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh, that's what she meant!
Guess I got
a little ahead of myself.
Are you okay there?
Uh, yeah! I'm good.
Our mascot Meowtaro,
he's really cute too.
Don't you think so?
[SHINOZAKI] We had a ton
of Meowtaro merch at home.
My sister's six years older than
I am and she adores him.
You know what,
now that I'm thinking about it,
it's probably 'cause of her
that I like cute stuff.
[intrigue]
You're a big sister's boy then,
aren't you Shinozaki?
Well, I mean, I don't know
if I would phrase it that way.
[giggles]
I think it's cute!
[SHINOZAKI]
Please!
You're the cute one here,
Senpai!
All right,
let's win you some plushies.
Yeah! I believe in you!
[whirs]
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon,
c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
[excited]
[shock]
[upset]
You were so close, too.
[SHINOZAKI] Her expressions
are worth the loss!
I think I can get it
if I try again.
You really think so?
[SHINOZAKI] I'll do anything
to protect that smile.
[whirs]
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon,
c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
[excited]
[shocks]
[upset]
I could have swore you
we gonna get 'em that time.
[SHINOZAKI]
I could watch this all day!
I'm sorry, Senpai.
Let me try again.
Don't worry about it,
Shinozaki. It's fine.
If you lose this time.
My budget's set at 30,000 yen!
[SHINOZAKI]
Her height may be lacking,
but her wallet is packing!
[whirs]
Here we go.
Maybe this time?
[gasps]
[SHIORI]
The kitty's caught on the puppy!
[chicken clucks]
[both gasp]
[clucking push]
[both excited]
[BOTH]
All right!
[both realize]
Um. I'm sorry.
It's fine!
[SHIORI] You got them both!
That's amazing!
Uh. It was honestly
just a coincidence.
[SHIORI] Maybe this little fella
would've been too lonely
without the other one,
so he hitched a ride.
Yeah. You might be right.
[SHINOZAKI] Wait! Didn't you say
that one reminded you of me?
Well, in that case I think
they should stay together.
That way they'll never
get lonely again.
[SHINOZAKI]
Together!
[both giggle]
Calm down! She's just talking
about the stuffed animals!
Now that we have 'em.
We need to give them names,
right?
Since this one kinda
reminds me of you,
we should give him
your first name.
So, Takuma!
Isn't that a little on the nose?
But "kuma" means "bear".
I mean, it's right there
in your name.
I don't have a problem with it.
If the dog is Takuma,
that means the cat's name
is going to be Shiori?
That makes sense to me.
[SHINOZAKI]
Does it, though?
I think they'll get along just
like a senpai and a kohai.
[SHINOZAKI]
Uh, I guess you're right!
It feels like I've got a million
butterflies in my stomach!
[SHIORI]
Hey, Shinozaki?
Thanks a lot for winning
both of these.
It was really thoughtful of you.
[blushes]
I'm just happy
that I could make you happy.
Thanks! [chuckles]
That means the cat's name
is going to be Shiori?
[sighs]
[SHIORI] All right!
Back to the office we go!
[SHINOZAKI]
Right!
[YAMAGISHI]
Hayakawa. Shinozaki.
You're coming with me
and no questions asked.
[both confused]
[SHINOZAKI]
A Meowtaro video game?
Yep! I volunteered to be the one
in charge of designing it,
but I wanted
to get your opinions on it.
What kind of game is it?
It's gonna be
a dating simulator!
It's brilliant, I know.
[both stunned]
So, you're making a Meowtaro.
Dating simulator game?
And I've already programmed
the start menu.
Feast your eyes on this!
See?
[both sigh]
[inaudible].
[YAMAGISHI] Say hello
to the sexy human Meowtaro!
My plan is to tap into the
demographic that's crazy
for hot anime boys!
You sure about that?
It's not such a bad idea.
Well, it might work.
But would the fans of classic
Meowtaro be interested too?
[SHIORI] I'm surprised
you're all still here.
What's going on?
[SHINOZAKI]
A classic fan appears!
[sighs]
Hey, Katase. I'd love to get
your opinion on my project!
I'm going to make
a Meowtaro game!
Oh wow, you had me at Meowtaro!
Check it out!
[dead inside]
What do you think, Katase?
It's a game where you can date
a hot human version of Meowtaro!
[SHIORI]
That's Meowtaro?
He's hot now? And human?
What's happening?
-[overwhelmed]
-[scared yell]
I think your game totally fried
Senpai's circuits!
What I really wanted from you
were some stories
about your romantic escapades!
Romantic escapades?
It's a dating sim.
I was wondering if you guys
could share any stories
about your dating lives.
If you've got anything juicy,
it might give me a little
inspiration for story routes
to put in the game, you know?
I don't know if I have
anything like that.
It's kind of a big thing
to spring on us.
Yeah, same for me. I don't have
any juicy stories to give ya.
You mean all three of you
are total romance rookies?
[all sigh]
Hey, wait.
If I'm remembering right,
when you came to
interview for Sunpick,
didn't you say you met
your Prince Charming
on that same day?
[shocks]
Why're you bringing that up now?
Oh, gimme the deets!
C'mon, spill!
[nervous]
[sighs]
Well, it's really
not as big a deal
as you're making it out to be.
[sighs]
[HAYAKAWA]
Just my luck.
Of course, this would happen
before my interview.
I'm doomed.
What do I do?
[AKINA]
Miss? Are you alright?
[sighs]
Have you got an interview?
Oh. Yes.
Just a second.
That should do it.
Thank you for your help, sir.
It'll take a bit
until it's completely dry
but for the moment,
just try it on.
[sighs]
Oh, sure.
It's perfect. Good luck.
[smiles]
[sighs]
Right.
See you around.
Does he work at Sunpick?
[FEMALE OFFICE WORKER]
Next applicant, please come in.
Coming.
[HAYAKAWA] Will I get to see him
again if I land this job?
No, I can't think about that!
I need to focus on passing
this interview!
[knocks]
[HAYAKAWA]
Good afternoon.
Thank you for your time.
Chinatsu Hayakawa.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[SHIORI] So, the person
who helped you out
was one of the people
interviewing you?
If you ask me,
it sounds like you were
destined to meet each other.
Who was this mystery hottie?
Did you get to see him again?
Yeah, I did.
But he was a little different
than the first time.
[sighs]
It's like fireworks.
They're a lot prettier
from a distance.
-[all stunned]
-Why was that weirdly deep!
[HAYAKAWA]
What do you want from me?
I gave you a story,
so why don't you share something
juicy with us, Yamagishi?
[YAMAGISHI]
What? Me?
There's nothing to tell.
Look, if I had experience,
I wouldn't have to ask you
amateurs!
[ALL]
Oh, right.
[YAMAGISHI] At least
pretend that's surprising.
Romantic escapades, huh?
[notice]
[SHIORI] Since this one
kinda reminds me of you,
we should give him
your first name.
So, Takuma!
This is so embarrassing.
I can't believe I said that!
The moment just keeps running
around in my head.
Ugh, honestly.
The heck is wrong with me?
Anyways, it's just a plushie.
It isn't like it's actually
Shinozaki, so it's no biggie.
[gasps]
Hang on, I swore I had one.
Ta-da!
Now he's got a little necktie!
I do say, he looks dashing!
Now he looks even more like him!
Calm down.
You're overthinking it.
It's just a little plushie,
that's all.
Just a little plushie.
[gasps]
[sighs]
It's a plushie.
Just a harmless little guy.
[hums]
Maybe I should rearrange them
a bit so that I can't see him.
[startled]
Shiori fell on top of Takuma!
[both flustered]
Shiori.
Oh, Takuma.
[lean in]
[SHIORI]
No, Shiori! You can't kiss him!
[gasps]
[SHIORI]
They're just Shiori and Takuma.
A Senpai and Kohai
who get along. Yeah!